play 3 releases starting from 60
4 real and from real ee al 80
beauty guys let me bring more
this time skype is with
promotion an offer earn credits in
skype to use ping and msn msn do
on your homepage and doping on your
standard search and receive up to 60 minutes
of free credits to call
landline and mobile phones with skype
here we have this button request your
now credit terms and conditions of
offer your code up to 60 minutes in the
skype can be activated until the 15th of
nine of 2015 through the link sent via
sms to the cell phone once informed
redeemed the credits has no
expiration credits can only be
rescued by users whose system
operating system is compatible with windows
xp sp3 windows vista or windows 7 o
windows 8 and 12 8.1 is only allowed
request a code by number of
cell phone
if you have a cell phone you can ask for another
code limit a person code limit a
code person can on account of skype 60
minutes or based on a rate of 23
cents per minute at a rate
connection is applied per call
therefore in the world of minutes can
vary according to the called destination and
the most diverse and made the value of
cuts is $ 2
after the redemption the value will be converted
for a deign in your skype account
then value will be 2 dollars if you are in
Brazil, those two dollars will be
converted into reais
will be added to your skype account
and here is more information on this
offer or to win the offer
convergent click here request your
credit now downloaded we clicked
in him that wants to perform that belly
in daycare centers on skype and how they are
saying here make msn on your page
the box is marked the initial ping
your search engine default finder
standard is also checked the box and
here is free to skype
here the activation code will be sent
to the cell phone then occurs in the country
then ddd then the number of its
cell phone
put here on my cell phone vote
clicking here next
then click Yes to send them
the sms already got here the sms sms saying the
next here is your skype code
to rescue you visit the link will have a
link until 15 9 2015 and connect to the
your skype account to activate it then
back by typing the link here in the
search
Only now we can finish
Thank you now, just check messages
and activate your credits in the
skype
We hope you get the most out of it.
your internet with the new homepage
msn find everything you're looking for
with the pin vehicle in which they me
sent came here to this address
skype website
connect with skype and here
is the cover of the sky as a choice of rush
In the card
already is here let's check this box
you agree to the terms of service of
skype click here to withdraw important
Your request is being processed this.
not take more than 15 minutes are the
check has been successfully cashed and
we are enabling the following services
skype credit two dollars and aquino
half we can give thanks for
have used your skype coupon
data are from the additional service are
presented below that follows credit
skype
I see you can do any of skype
here it the service data used
do not discard the games in the west of 2 value
total $ 2 of transaction June 14
in the order status of the order delivered and
here on skype we have the value of
two dollars converted into brl that are
in reais and we can here is doing
calls to landlines and to
using these five real and
ninety-nine cents equivalent to
more or less 60 minutes of calls
free with skype
so this is it people, if you like
video leaves olic the favorite in the video
if you are not enrolled in the channel you
can write on the channel and I 'm staying
here he spoke worth even more
went